---
layout: post
title: To Anyone, From Everyone
---

December 10th, 2010
To Everyone

The time has come for a fundamental shift in the way humanity conducts its social behavior. For years, information has been used as a weapon, as a tool for control. It has been locked in vaults and encrypted in hard drives - but information has broken free. It rises like a phoenix, with a confidence worthy of arrogance. The longer and harder you work to control it, the faster it will escape your clutches.

Humanity’s greatest asset is our ability to catalyst change. Our greatness weakness is our inability to accept it. The potential at our fingertips is almost indescribable. Yet, the most powerful computers on the planet spend their time breaking into each other.

How much human potential must be wasted before we can move on? Do you feel satisfied at the end of the day?

There should not be families on this planet worth more than $100 billion dollars while others have never seen currency. There should not be governments over $10 trillion dollars in debt.

These should be things of the past. They serve no purpose other than to advance personal agendas. Can you imagine what could be done if the entire US defense budget was spent on scientific advancement?

This letter is a plea. Be honest with yourself. You know you are being lied to. We do not exist to work in offices and sell products. We do not exist to fight wars, or to live in fear. We have a purpose, and we need to continue on our search for it.

From Anyone